Update /about page, add new team members & add /support (#167)
OpenSats/website: data/authors/lucas.mdx

---
name: Lucas
nym: lucas
avatar: /static/images/volunteers/lucas.jpg
occupation: Volunteer
company: OpenSats
email: lucas@opensats.org
nostr: npub176mj8c5pa6pxlmm8syv4uhmz0n8934w0pfnfddgawhycqcue69esr3qzt2
volunteer: true
---

Lucas is the co-founder of several small businesses, some of which he is
managing to this day. His entrepreneurial endeavors over the last 20 years
spanned multiple countries and continents. As is usually the case with small

> business operators, he knows a little bit of everything and likes to get things

Reviewer: ```suggestion
business operators, he knows a little bit about everything and likes to get things
```

done.

> Over the last couple of years, he developed a passion for Bitcoin and has been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of his first-hand experience with hyperinflation and running businesses in extremely volatile economic and political environments, he developed a passion for Bitcoin and has been
```
